Johnny Depp's lawyers posed for photos with alpacas amid the actor's dramatic trial with Amber Heard
Lauren Edmonds May 21, 2022, 9:49 PM
Johnny Depp's lawyers posed for photos with two alpacas that have stood outside the courthouse throughout his trial with Amber Heard.

Law & Crime shared a video of Camille Vasquez and Ben Chew interacting with Depp's fans outside the Fairfax County Courthouse on Wednesday. Among the human fans were two alpacas — Teddy and Truffle — waiting to take pictures with the lawyers.
Depp's lawyers posed with the animals — who wore pirate hats to mimic "Pirates of the Caribbean" — and briefly chatted with fans before leaving the courthouse.

Representatives for Vasquez and Chew did not immediately respond to Insider's request for comment.

Andrea Diaz, the owner of My Pet Alpaca, brings the animals to the courthouse to support Depp
The alpacas belong to Andrea Diaz, the founder and owner of My Pet Alpaca.

Diaz launched My Pet Alpaca during the COVID-19 pandemic to connect alpacas with children to make them feel better, the official website said. She hoped the alpacas would do the same thing for Depp.

"When it comes to helping in a bad situation, my pets are the best I got to give," Diaz told Insider. "They're the best at cheering people up and they're all incredibly sweet."

Diaz, who owns seven alpacas, brought Teddy and Truffle, 3, to the courthouse when they met Depp's lawyers. Her alpacas have visited the courthouse at least 10 times so far, and people were initially surprised.
"The alpacas got lots of pets and attention," Diaz said. "We also brought a big bucket of treats so everyone could feed them while we waited for Johnny to come out. It seemed to bring everyone together."

Depp, 58, is in the midst of a defamation trial with Heard, 38, after claiming her 2018 Washington Post op-ed included domestic abuse allegations that hurt his career. Depp was set to appear in "Pirates of the Caribbean 6", but Disney canned the film after the op-ed was published. In April 2019, Depp sued Heard for $50 million over the op-ed, and Heard countersued in January 2021 for $100 million. The trial began in April 2022.

There were references to alpacas during Depp and Heard's trial
Entertainment Weekly reported that alpacas played a small but recurring role in the trial. The outlet reported the alpaca references began when Heard's legal team used a quote Depp gave in a previous deposition that was never played in court.
In an effort to prove that Depp's relationship with Disney deteriorated before Heard's op-ed, her team asked Depp in April: "The fact is, Mr. Depp, if Disney came to you with $300 million and a million alpacas, nothing on this earth would get you to go back and work with Disney on a 'Pirates of the Caribbean' film? Correct?"

Depp said it was true, EW reported.

Alpacas were brought up again on Thursday when one of Heard's attorney's asked Tina Newman, a Disney executive, about Depp's potential involvement in "Pirates 6."

"Is Disney aware that Mr. Depp has testified under oath that he would not take another 'Pirates of the Caribbean' franchise role for $300 million and a million alpacas?" Elaine Bredehoft, Heard's attorney, asked.

When Newman denied the claim, Bredehoft then asked if Disney would ever consider "paying Mr. Depp more than $300 million and providing him with more than a million alpacas to be able to obtain his services for any future 'Pirates of the Caribbean' role?"

Newman responded to the question with "no."

