Pirates of the Caribbean boat drives by court house in support of Johnny Depp
While the jury makes a final decision, Johnny Depp keeps getting all the support
Actualizado 31/05/2022 - 14:01 CDT

The Johnny Depp vs Amber Heard legal battle is finally entering the last moments as the jury makes a decision with loads if press waiting outside of the Fairfax Courthouse. While they were waiting, something fun happened as they all saw in disbelief. As it turns out, a 'Pirates of the Caribbean' boat with Johnny Depp's face all over it drove by the Courthouse in support of the actor.

It was a massive themed-ship with a mannequin operator, a converted truck of sorts that was slowly driving close to the entrance of the place. After the Memorial Holiday Weekend, the case's jury resumed deliberation and the people outside found this surprise.

The "boat" also sported a giant 'Pirates of the Caribbean' banner, a cannon and an anchor and the mannequin was of Jack Sparrow. Clearly, Johnny Depp is the one who's gottent he most positive press after several instances in which Amber Heard was caught lying.

On paper, this does seem like it will rule in the actor's favor but Heard is also sticking to her guns. It was a toxic relationship where Johnny Depp also made several mistkes that can be punishable by the law. As far as support goes, this boat is only one of many different representations of love that the people have for Johnny Depp.

Even though he is confirmed to be out of the Pirates franchise, we are all wondering if there's still chance for him to get on more Disney projects. It all depends on how much pain the company casused to him. At a certain point, Johnny Depp fell in love so hard with the Jack Sparrow character that he started using the costume for charitable purposes.

There are even videos in which he was in charcter as one more of the residents at Disneyland. Depp loved Jack Sparrow and they took him away from him. Getting to convince him to make a return will be almost impossible.

